Validating Client Certificate SANs (#96)
l3af-project/l3afd: docs/configdoc.md

|cert-dir|`"/etc/l3af/certs"`| Absolute path of ca certificates. On Linux this points to a filesystem directory, but on Windows it can point to [certificate store](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/drivers/install/certificate-stores) | Yes     |
|server-crt-filename|`"server.crt"`| Server's ca certificate filename                                                                                                                                                                                          | Yes     |
|server-key-filename|`"server.key"`| Server's mtls key filename                                                                                                                                                                                                | Yes     |
|cert-expiry-warning-days|`"30"`| How many days before expiry you want warning                                                                                                                                                                              | No      |

> |san-match-rules|`".*l3af.l3af.io,^l3afd.l3af.io$"`| Multiple domains seperated by comma, regex are supported                                                                                                                                                                  | No      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|san-match-rules|`".*l3af.l3af.io,^l3afd.l3af.io$"`| List of domain names (exact match) or regular expressions to validate client SAN DNS Names against                                                                                                                                            | No      |
```
